Alright guys
Today we're hiking way up into this canyon
As you can see it's pretty snowy out
but back here there is an old mine tunnel
and it looks like there could be a building right next to it
but the road has been completely washed out
you can see, like, they had a flash flood here
So we've been hiking about
about a half mile
you can see the old road right there
right up there, you can see the old road
but look at this
there's a big flash flood through here
you can see this entire little valley now
As you can see
we've hiked
from this way
pretty far down, about a, about a mile that way
but over here you can see
the tailing pile of this mine
and if this tunnel is open, should be a pretty interesting explore.
Let's go check it out.
Here ya are, look guys, this is a tunnel.
Looks pretty creepy too.
Let's get our gear and take a look.
Check out these icicles guys
That's not creepy lookin'
Look at that
I wonder how strong they are
So, I guess we're going to try and walk underneath them carefully
to get through
You gotta watch out for these icicles guys, look at them
Birds nest right here
Oh, lets turn on our oxygen meter.
I do see some prints in here
this old coda...coda. Old soda can
got our oxygen sensors to be safe
Make sure we're safe
Alright, lets get started. Anybody, any of you, you explorers
know why they would do this to the walls?
Let us know in the comments.
Ok, we got good oxygen
This one seems pretty safe actually, but I don't want to say that
cause them "boom", you know, something happens.
You just see rocks start falling'.
I see something back here. Let's go back and see a little further
There's a little bat you guys